Add 2 New Use Case Guides - Pre-Seeding database and WireMock (#20968)
docker/docs: content/guides/use-case/pre-seeding.md

   ```plaintext
   PostgreSQL Database directory appears to contain a database; Skipping initialization
 
   2024-09-08 09:09:47.136 UTC [1] LOG:  starting PostgreSQL 16.4 (Debian 16.4-1.pgdg120+1) on aarch64-unknown-linux-gnu, compiled by gcc (Debian 12.2.0-14) 12.2.0, 64-bit
   2024-09-08 09:09:47.137 UTC [1] LOG:  listening on IPv4 address "0.0.0.0", port 5432
   2024-09-08 09:09:47.137 UTC [1] LOG:  listening on IPv6 address "::", port 5432
   2024-09-08 09:09:47.139 UTC [1] LOG:  listening on Unix socket "/var/run/postgresql/.s.PGSQL.5432"
   2024-09-08 09:09:47.142 UTC [29] LOG:  database system was shut down at 2024-09-08 09:07:09 UTC
   2024-09-08 09:09:47.148 UTC [1] LOG:  database system is ready to accept connections
   ```

3. Connect to Postgres from the local system.

   The `psql` is the PostgreSQL interactive shell that is used to connect to a Postgres database and let you start executing SQL commands. Assuming that you already have `psql` utility installed on your local system, it's time to connect to the Postgres database. Run the following command on your local terminal:

   ```console
   $ docker exec -it postgres psql -h localhost -U postgres
   ```

>    You can now execute any SQL queries or commands you need within the `psql` prompt.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   You can now execute any SQL queries or commands you need within the `psql` prompt.

   Use `\q` or `\quit` to exit from the Postgres interactive shell.
```

   ```

   You can now run `\l` in the `psql` shell to list all the databases on the Postgres server.

   ```console
   sampledb=# \l
                                                List of databases
   Name    |  Owner   | Encoding |  Collate   |   Ctype    | ICU Locale | Locale Provider |   Access privileges
   -----------+----------+----------+------------+------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------------
   postgres  | postgres | UTF8     | en_US.utf8 | en_US.utf8 |            | libc            |
   sampledb  | postgres | UTF8     | en_US.utf8 | en_US.utf8 |            | libc            |
   template0 | postgres | UTF8     | en_US.utf8 | en_US.utf8 |            | libc            | =c/postgres          +
             |          |          |            |            |            |                 | postgres=CTc/postgres
   template1 | postgres | UTF8     | en_US.utf8 | en_US.utf8 |            | libc            | =c/postgres          +
             |          |          |            |            |            |                 | postgres=CTc/postgres
   (4 rows)
   ```

   To retrieve all the data from the users table, enter the following query:

   ```console

>    sampledb=# SELECT * from users;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   sampledb=# SELECT * FROM users;
```

   id | name  |       email
   ----+-------+-------------------
    1 | Alpha | alpha@example.com
    2 | Beta  | beta@example.com
    3 | Gamma | gamma@example.com
   (3 rows)
   ```
  
   Use `\q` or `\quit` to exit from the Postgres interactive shell.

> ## Pre-seeding the database by using Volumes to mount SQL files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Pre-seed the database by bind-mounting a SQL script
```

In Docker, mounting refers to making files or directories from the host system accessible within a container. This let you to share data or configuration files between the host and the container, enabling greater flexibility and persistence.

Now that you have learned how to launch Postgres and pre-seed the database using an SQL script, it’s time to learn how to mount an SQL file directly into the Postgres containers’ initialisation directory (`/docker-entrypoint-initdb.d`). The `/docker-entrypoint-initdb.d` is a special directory in PostgreSQL Docker containers that is used for initializing the database when the container is first started

> 
> ### Stop the existing Postgres instance

Reviewer: I would delete this heading, since the steps are not about how to stop postgres.
```suggestion
```

> Make sure you stop any running Postgres containers (along with volumes) to prevent port conflicts before you follow the steps:

Reviewer: ````suggestion
Make sure you stop any running Postgres containers (along with volumes) to prevent port conflicts before you follow the steps:

```console
$ docker container stop postgres
```
````

         POSTGRES_PASSWORD: mysecretpassword
         POSTGRES_DB: sampledb
       ports:
         - "5432:5432"
       volumes:
         - data_sql:/var/lib/postgresql/data   # Persistent data storage

   volumes:
     data_sql:
    ```
  
    It maps port `5432` on the host to the container's `5432`, let you access to the Postgres database from outside the container. It also define `data_sql` for persisting the database data, ensuring that data is not lost when the container is stopped.

    It is important to note that the port mapping to the host is only necessary if you want to connect to the database from non-containerized programs. If you containerize the service that connects to the DB, you should connect to the database over a custom bridge network.

4.  Bring up the Compose service.

    Assuming that you've placed the `seed.sql` file in the same directory as the Dockerfile, execute the following command:

    ```console
    $ docker compose up -d --build
    ```

5.  It’s time to verify if the table `users` get populated with the data. 

    ```console
    $ docker exec -it my_postgres_db psql -h localhost -U postgres sampledb
    ```

    ```sql 

>     sampledb=# select * from users;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    sampledb=# SELECT * FROM users;
```

      id | name  |       email
    ----+-------+-------------------
       1 | Alpha | alpha@example.com
       2 | Beta  | beta@example.com
       3 | Gamma | gamma@example.com
     (3 rows)

    sampledb=#
    ```

> ## Pre-seeding the database using JavaScript code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Pre-seed the database using JavaScript code
```

        await pool.query(`DROP TABLE IF EXISTS todos;`);

        // Create the table with the correct structure
        await pool.query(`
          CREATE TABLE todos (
            id SERIAL PRIMARY KEY,
            task VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
            completed BOOLEAN DEFAULT false
              );
        `   );

        // Insert seed data
        await pool.query(`
          INSERT INTO todos (task, completed) VALUES
          ('Watch netflix', false),
          ('Finish podcast', false),
          ('Pick up kid', false);
          `);
          console.log('Database seeded successfully!');
        } catch (err) {
          console.error('Error seeding the database', err);
        } finally {
          pool.end();
       }
     };

     // Call the seedData function to run the script
     seedData();
     ```

3.  Kick off the seeding process

    ```console
    $ node seed.js
    ```

    You should see the following command:

    ```plaintext
    Database seeded successfully!
    ```

4.  Verify if the database is seeded correctly:

    ```console
    $ docker exec -it postgres psql -h localhost -U postgres sampledb
    ```

    ```console

>     sampledb=# select * from todos;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    sampledb=# SELECT * FROM todos;
```

   });

   const seedData = async () => {
     try {
        // Drop the table if it already exists (optional)
        await pool.query(`DROP TABLE IF EXISTS todos;`);

        // Create the table with the correct structure
        await pool.query(`
          CREATE TABLE todos (
            id SERIAL PRIMARY KEY,
            task VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
            completed BOOLEAN DEFAULT false
              );
        `   );

        // Insert seed data
        await pool.query(`
          INSERT INTO todos (task, completed) VALUES
          ('Watch netflix', false),
          ('Finish podcast', false),
          ('Pick up kid', false);
          `);
          console.log('Database seeded successfully!');
        } catch (err) {
          console.error('Error seeding the database', err);
        } finally {
          pool.end();
       }
     };

     // Call the seedData function to run the script
     seedData();
     ```

3.  Kick off the seeding process

    ```console
    $ node seed.js
    ```

    You should see the following command:

    ```plaintext
    Database seeded successfully!
    ```

4.  Verify if the database is seeded correctly:

    ```console

>     psql -h localhost -U postgres sampledb
>     Password for user postgres:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    $ docker exec -it postgres psql -h localhost -U postgres sampledb
```

    ```

> 
>     Enter `mysecretpassword` when prompted for the password. You should see the list of items added to the table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

In this guide, you will learn how to:

- Use Docker to launch up a Postgres container
- Pre-seed Postgres using a SQL script
- Pre-seed Postgres by using volumes to mount SQL files
- Pre-seed Postgres using JavaScript code

## Using Postgres with Docker

The [official Docker image for Postgres](https://hub.docker.com/_/postgres) provides a convenient way to run Postgres database on your development machine. A Postgres Docker image is a pre-configured environment that encapsulates the PostgreSQL database system. It's a self-contained unit, ready to run in a Docker container. By using this image, you can quickly and easily set up a Postgres instance without the need for manual configuration.

## Prerequisites

The following prerequisites are required to follow along with this how-to guide:

- [Docker Desktop](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop/) 

> - [Download](https://www.postgresql.org/download/) and Install PostgreSQL Client (`psql`)

Author: Sure. I will removed it from the prerequisite.

   2024-09-08 09:09:47.137 UTC [1] LOG:  listening on IPv6 address "::", port 5432
   2024-09-08 09:09:47.139 UTC [1] LOG:  listening on Unix socket "/var/run/postgresql/.s.PGSQL.5432"
   2024-09-08 09:09:47.142 UTC [29] LOG:  database system was shut down at 2024-09-08 09:07:09 UTC
   2024-09-08 09:09:47.148 UTC [1] LOG:  database system is ready to accept connections
   ```

3. Connect to Postgres from the local system.

   The `psql` is the PostgreSQL interactive shell that is used to connect to a Postgres database and let you start executing SQL commands. Assuming that you already have `psql` utility installed on your local system, it's time to connect to the Postgres database. Run the following command on your local terminal:

   ```console
   psql -h localhost -U postgres
   ```

   Enter `mysecretpassword` when prompted for the password.
   
   ```console
   Password for user postgres:
   psql (15.8 (Homebrew), server 16.4 (Debian 16.4-1.pgdg120+1))
   WARNING: psql major version 15, server major version 16.
            Some psql features might not work.
   Type "help" for help.

   postgres=#

>    ```

Author: Yes, that's correct. When we use `docker exec` command it won't ask for the password.

   ```plaintext
   CREATE DATABASE sampledb;

   \c sampledb

   CREATE TABLE users (
     id SERIAL PRIMARY KEY,
     name VARCHAR(50),
     email VARCHAR(100) UNIQUE
   );

   INSERT INTO users (name, email) VALUES
     ('Alpha', 'alpha@example.com'),
     ('Beta', 'beta@example.com'),
     ('Gamma', 'gamma@example.com');
   ```

   The SQL commands create a new database called `sampledb`, connect to it, and define a `users` table. The table includes an auto-incrementing `id` as the primary key, a `name` field with a maximum length of 50 characters, and a unique `email` field with up to 100 characters.

   After creating the table, the commands insert three users into the `users` table with their respective names and emails. This setup forms a basic database structure to store user information with unique email addresses.

2. Run the following command to seed the database

   It’s time to feed the content of the `seed.sql` directly into the database by using the “<” operator. The command is used to execute a SQL script named `seed.sql` against a Postgres database named `sampledb`. 

   ```console
   psql -h localhost -U postgres < seed.sql
   ```

   > [!TIP] Running on Windows

>    > If you're using Windows, the < operator may result in an error. To avoid this, use the -f flag to specify the SQL file like this:

Author: Thanks. If you can raise PR for this, that would be great. jFYI..we used the similar titles for Kafka and LocalStack guide too.

   ```console

>    psql -h localhost -U postgres -f seed.sql`

Author: As we're using `docker exec`, I have removed the section for Windows.

   VOLUME /docker-entrypoint-initdb.d
   ```

3. Build the custom Docker image called `mynewpostgres`.

   ```console
   $ docker build -t mynewpostgres .
   ```

4. Run the following command to successfully mount the volume and run the Postgres container.

   Assuming that the existing `seed.sql` (used in previous steps) is placed under the same directory, run the following command:

   ```console
   $ docker run --rm \
   -v $(pwd)/seed.sql:/sql-files/seed.sql \
   -v data_sql:/docker-entrypoint-initdb.d \
   mynewpostgres cp /sql-files/seed.sql /docker-entrypoint-initdb.d/
   ```

   This command mounts your `seed.sql` file from the current directory (`$(pwd)/seed.sql`) into the temporary container at `/sql-files`, and then copies it into the `data_sql` named volume.

   > [!TIP] Running on Windows
   > When running this command on Windows, use `${PWD}` (in uppercase and with curly brackets) instead of `$(pwd)`, and make sure to execute the command in PowerShell:
   
   
   ```console
   $ docker run --rm \
    -v ${PWD}/seed.sql:/sql-files/seed.sql \
    -v data_sql:/docker-entrypoint-initdb.d \
    mynewpostgres cp /sql-files/seed.sql /docker-entrypoint-initdb.d/
   ```
   

>    This ensures that the volume is mounted correctly on the Windows systems.

Author: I have modified the volume section and introduced copying SQL files into the Docker image. Please check it once.
